Warn about upcoming scan accumulator default type change (#698)
ROCm/rocPRIM: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecations

* `rocprim::load_cs` and `rocprim::store_cs` are deprecated. Use `rocprim::load_nontemporal` and `rocprim::store_nontemporal` now.

> * Beginning with the next major release, the default scan accumulator types for device-level scan algorithms will be changed as described below. Please note that this will be a breaking change. Currently, the default accumulator type is set to the input type for inclusive scans, and to the initial value type for exclusive scans. These default types can cause unexpected overflow in situations where the input or initial type is smaller than the output type (if users do not explicitly set an accumulator type using the `AccType` template parameter). The new default types will be set to the type that results when the input or initial value type is applied to the scan operator. Here is a full list of the affected functions and how their default accumulator types will change:

Reviewer: Is this a change in 6.5 or is it going to be in 7? 

If this change will be happening in 6.5, it should be moved to "changed".

If it's going into 7.0, it should be moved to "upcoming changes"

Let me know which it is because if it's going to be in 7, then I need to change the language a bit.

```suggestion
* The default scan accumulator types for device-level scan algorithms will be changed. This is a breaking change. 

Previously, the default accumulator type was set to the input type for inclusive scans and to the initial value type for exclusive scans. These default types could cause unexpected overflow in situations where the input or initial type is smaller than the output type when the user doesn't explicitly set an accumulator type using the `AccType` template parameter. 

The new default types will be set to the type that results when the input or initial value type is applied to the scan operator. 

The following is the complete list of affected functions and how their default accumulator types are changing:
```

Author: The change will be made in 7.0. I wasn't aware of the "upcoming changes" section - that sounds like a much better fit for this. I can definitely move it there. Thanks for your help!

Author: I've updated the PR with the suggested changes and moved the text to an "Upcoming changes" section.
